# Stand up notes 07 Feb 2025

## Agenda

- Updates
- Review Solutions Play-book page
    - What else should we have
    - Adding pages
- Minimal commit messages
- Update on Cookiecutter

## Apologies

- Noel
- Kyle

## Notes

- There are no blockers or challenges currently in the projects being worked on.
- On the whole the playbook contains the information required. There was discussion
about the need for non-semantic versioning, for example where a timestamp is more
relevant use that.
- There was a good discussion about different Git workflows. For most of the projects
that we deal with it is not necessary to use a specified Git workflow. Having said that
there is no harm in adopting production level Git practice and that is an option for
people to adopt or not as desired.
- There was good discussion about commit messages. Conventional commits were discussed as
an exemplar of the type of detail that could be included. A key aspect of ensuring that
commit messages are useful is to ensure that the scope of the changes committed is 
appropriately atomic. Based on the discussion the following key points were decided:
    - Commit messages should start with a verb. We need to define a standard tense, I suggest
    present tense e.g. Fix bug, Add feature, Remove unnecessary feature.
    - WIP commits should be properly rebased and more appropriate messages added when possible.
    - Consider your future self or other developers when writing your commit messages
- The use of cookiecutter was discussed and Nidhi presented a summary of his findings. It
was decided that a more appropriate approach for our purposes is to use a template repository.
We will investigate the tooling in GitHub to leverage this type of repo, but in its simplest
case, we will clone the template, remove the .git folder, create a new empty repo on GitHub and 
push the copied repo as a new repository.

[Conventional Commits](https://www.conventionalcommits.org/en/v1.0.0/) 

## Actions

- Update the playbook to include non-semantic versioning.
- Add summary of minimal Git commit message to playbook.
- Investigate the use of GitHub with template repositories.